Update ZBOSS libraries and add support for nRF52840 (#28)
nrfconnect/ncs-zigbee: docs/setup.rst

   .. group-tab:: command line

>       In the **Get the nRF Connect "SDK code** part of the install instructions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      In the **Get the nRF ConnectSDK code** part of the install instructions:
```
